What did you say you saw?
I saw Mr. Soul sleeping with a woman
I thought it was Miss Ye
I urgently want to tell you who knew the truth. After reading it, I really admitted that I was wrong.
Someone is here. Go and take him out for me.
Good thing, I was really wrong
Please let me go
Wang An is Ling Zhang and Wei Buya
Isn't the change account the starting point?
How can we make things work? There is a system in place.
The zero ledger is in this way
Not enough to move
I, Wei Buya, have gone out
Everyone will go out to Weibuya now
You really don’t deserve my simplicity
What are you worried about?
That's because someone designed it
What kind of question is this?
I even remember that your sister refused to let me go.
Why don't you hurry up and find someone to investigate? It's not the first time.
Is it difficult for you to mean what you said?
You said that if it were not the case
We have liked Wei Buya for a long time
So we never talked
Let her get over this matter
I don’t want to be ashamed and embarrassed. Ding Yisheng
If you really like me
Then give me a favor
Although I am not as welcome as Qing Yan said so
But I don’t want to be sad either
Disgusting of a bully girl
Will it happen?
Is it embarrassing to hide face?
Look at the appearance of your mid-term vision team.
It's not like I'm embarrassed about you. Okay, sister, stop talking about you.
Let’s talk about reality
Except I have something to ask Wanjiu